AAAI-27 Submission Instructions
Author Registration
Authors must register at the AAAI-27 web-based technical track paper submission site before they can submit abstracts and papers. To avoid last-minute congestion, authors are encouraged to register well in advance of the abstract deadline. Authors are required to use the same OpenReview account (i.e., associated with the same email address) across all submissions and review assignments.

Given the size of the conference, all authors of AAAI-27 submissions will be expected to join the conference’s reviewer pool unless prevented by extenuating circumstances. Potential reviewers will be vetted based on their research experience, and depending on this experience, may be selected as program committee or senior program committee members.

Abstract and Paper Submission
Every submission requires both an abstract submission and a corresponding paper submission. For regular papers, abstracts must be submitted by July 21, 2026 and full papers must be submitted by July 28, 2026. There will be no individual exceptions. If you experience any technical problems with the OpenReview site, please contact the AAAI-27 Workflow Chairs at workflowchairs@aaai.zendesk.com.

Submissions will not be accepted by e-mail or any other mechanism other than OpenReview. After submission, the system will not automatically send a confirmation of receipt. If you want to receive a confirmation email, please click the paper ID to view the submission, and then click the “Email” button at the top right to send the confirmation to yourself or all the authors. AAAI will contact authors again only if problems are encountered with papers. We intend to close the submission system exactly at the deadline. Once the deadline has passed, we regret that we will be unable to make individual exceptions or to correspond with authors regarding circumstances that prevented timely submission.

At the time of abstract submission, authors should include a full title for their paper and a complete abstract in the fields provided. Submissions that have “placeholder” (e.g., test or xyz) titles or abstracts (or none at all) will be deleted. Authors of such vacuous submissions will be notified that their abstract has been deleted and will not be allowed to submit a full paper. The Program Chairs also reserve the right to reject papers without review if they change their abstracts substantially between the abstract and final deadlines.

Papers must be formatted in AAAI two-column, camera-ready style; see the AAAI-27 author kit for details. Papers must be in trouble-free, high-resolution PDF format, formatted for US Letter (8.5″ x 11″) paper, using Type 1 or TrueType fonts. AAAI submissions are anonymous and must conform to the instructions (detailed below) for double-blind review. The authors must remove all author and affiliation information from their submission for review, and may replace it with other information, such as paper number and keywords. Submissions may consist of up to 7 pages of technical content plus additional pages solely for references and the reproducibility checklist; acknowledgements should be omitted from papers submitted for review.
Only PDF files are required at the time of submission for review; authors will additionally need to submit paper source files if their paper is accepted for publication.

Submission Limit per Author
Each individual author is limited to no more than a combined limit of 10 submissions to the AAAI-27 technical track (including papers in the AI Alignment and AI for Social Impact tracks) and authors may not be added to papers following submission (see below for policies about author changes).

Guidelines for Changes to Titles/Authors after Submissions
MODIFICATIONS TO SUBMISSIONS ARE ONLY ALLOWED UNTIL THE FULL PAPER DEADLINE (July 28 for Phase 1 submissions). No exceptions will be granted. Please see the full policy on Paper Modification Guidelines.

Policy Concerning Multiple Submissions to Conferences or Journals
AAAI-27 will not consider any paper that, at the time of submission, is under review or has already been published or accepted for publication in any archival venue such as a journal or a conference (workshops and preprint servers such as arXiv are acceptable). Authors are free to retract a submission from a venue with a concurrent review process (e.g., from NeurIPS-26) and submit the same work to AAAI-27 as a regular paper, provided that this retraction occurs before the AAAI-27 submission. Authors must confirm at the time of submission that the paper is not under review at another archival conference or journal.

Once they have made a submission to AAAI-27, authors may not submit the same paper to another archival conference or journal until they receive an accept/reject decision from AAAI-27 or they withdraw their submission from AAAI-27. In some cases, it may require a judgment call to determine whether two concurrent submissions constitute a violation of AAAI’s multiple submission policy. If a concern is raised about the similarity of two non-identical submissions, at least three people will inspect whatever information is available about both submissions. If they all agree that the simultaneous submission has excessive technical overlap, the paper will be summarily rejected and the organizers of the other conference will be informed about AAAI’s decision. As with all summary rejects, such decisions are final.

Citation and Comparison
Papers are expected to cite those refereed publications most relevant to their content, but authors are excused for not knowing about all non-refereed work (e.g, appearing on arXiv). Nevertheless, in cases where such prior work is widely known in the field, its existence may be considered by reviewers in assessing a submission’s novelty. Papers published less than two months before the regular paper submission deadline (July 28, 2026) are considered contemporaneous to all AAAI-27 submissions (whether submitted as regular or fast track submissions); authors are not obliged to address such papers (though, especially for the camera ready versions of accepted papers, authors are encouraged to do so).

Reproducibility Guidelines
Authors must complete the reproducibility checklist provided in the AAAI-27 Author Kit and submit it at the time of paper submission. The checklist describes how the results in the submission can be reproduced and must be uploaded separately from the main paper in the designated field of the submission form. The completed checklist will be made available to reviewers.

Information needed to reproduce experimental results may be included in the main paper or in a Code and Data Supplement, as appropriate. Additional technical material such as proofs, assumptions, and algorithm pseudocode, may be included in the Supplementary Document. When relevant, authors are encouraged to address each reproducibility criterion in detail within the Supplementary Document.

Reviewers will evaluate the reproducibility of the reported results based on the materials included in the submission, and this evaluation will contribute to the final paper decision. All code, data, and other materials necessary for reproducibility should be provided at submission time (e.g., in the Code and Data Supplement or Supplementary Document). Claims that such materials “will be released after acceptance or publication” must not be treated as evidence of reproducibility; if they are not included in the submission, reviewers should assume they will not be made available.

Ethics Policy
All AAAI authors and reviewers are required to honor the AAAI Publications Ethics and Malpractice Statement, as well as the AAAI Code of Professional Conduct. A paper may be rejected if an author is found to violate the AAAI Publications Ethics and Malpractice Statement or the AAAI Code of Professional Conduct.


Supplementary Material
Submissions must not contain pointers to supplementary material on the web, as this may violate both blind review and the policy that submissions cannot be changed after they are made available to reviewers. However, authors have the option of submitting supplementary material in support of their submissions. Authors must be very careful not to violate the double blind review requirements in any supplementary material to prevent their paper from being summarily rejected. All such material is due no later than July 31.

Authors can include one or more of the following:

A Supplementary Document (PDF) — Additional technical material supporting the paper, such as proofs, derivations, experimental details, dataset descriptions, or extended results.
A Supplementary Media Archive (ZIP) — Images, audio, video demonstrations, animations, or other multimedia content supporting the paper.
A Supplementary Code and Data Package (ZIP) — Source code, scripts, data, and instructions intended to help reviewers assess the reproducibility of the paper’s claims.
During review, the purpose of supplementary material is to assist reviewers. Authors are encouraged to share the supplementary material upon paper acceptance.

Supplementary Document
The length of main submissions is strictly limited, as already described. Authors may optionally submit a supplementary document (PDF) containing additional supporting information such as proofs of theorems that are stated in the main paper; additional information needed to reproduce experiments; further experimental results; figures and examples to illustrate technical claims; etc. The main submission may reference the supplementary material, but should be self contained. Reviewers will be instructed to make their acceptance evaluations based on the main submission, and will not be obliged to consult the supplementary material. If proofs or other supplementary matter are an important part of the contribution, their essential elements should be included in the main paper.

Review Process
Two-Phase Review Process
AAAI-27 will use a two-phase reviewing process, which will work as follows.

The abstract deadline for AAAI submissions will be July 21, 2026,the deadline for full paper submissions will be July 28, 2026.

Phase 1:

Every paper will be allocated three reviewers.
If a paper receives sufficiently negative reviews, it will be rejected without any opportunity for author feedback.
Remaining papers will progress to Phase 2.
Phase 2:

Each paper will be allocated additional reviewers to receive up to five reviews.
The new reviewers will not be given access to Phase 1 reviews until after submitting their own reviews.
Discussion:

A single author feedback phase will give authors of papers from Phase 2 an opportunity to address questions or factual mistakes in reviews (from both phases), running from October 19-25, 2026.
The program committee and senior program committee will engage in a discussion phase, taking author feedback into account.
Final decisions will be announced on November 30, 2026.

Blind Review
AAAI-27 reviews are double blind (i.e., neither reviewers nor authors should be able to identify each other). The first page, on which the paper body begins, should include the title, abstract, content areas, and ID number (if available), but not names or affiliations of the authors. Acknowledgments of funding or assistance should also be omitted. Ensure that no information is included that would identify the authors or their affiliations; papers including such information may be summarily rejected at the discretion of the program chairs.

Submissions should include references to all published literature relevant to the paper. When the authors’ previous work is relevant, they have three options, in descending order of desirability.

Use the third person, rather than the first person. For example, say “Previously, Hinton et al (2006) showed that…,” rather than “In our previous work (Hinton et al, 2006) we showed that…”.
Avoid citing previous, unpublished work that would surely identify the authors (e.g., a previous technical report or PhD thesis which substantially overlaps with the current submission); such citations may be added to the camera-ready copy.
When neither previous option is appropriate, cite as “Anonymous (2019)” to indicate that a citation has been suppressed.
There are two cases where the existence of non-anonymous online material will not be considered a violation of AAAI-27’s blind review policy: it is acceptable for submitted work (1) to appear in a preliminary version as an unrefereed preprint (e.g., on arXiv.org, social media, personal websites) or in any workshop that does not have archival proceedings; or (2) to be discussed in research talks, even if abstracts or videos of such talks are made available online. In such cases, the AAAI-27 submission should not include citations or other pointers to the non-anonymous material and the non-anonymous online material should not reference the fact that the work was submitted to AAAI-27; violations may lead to summary rejection. Reviewers will be instructed not to actively seek out such previous publications or to share knowledge of them with other reviewers but will not be disqualified if they encounter such information.